Update README.md (#126)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-client: README.md

> <img width="1043" alt="image" src="https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-client/assets/7201911/6090fa41-5d23-476a-a1fd-3647e4e41896"># Miden Client

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be part of the change?

Author: Sorry, that was a mistake.

### Prerequisites

> - This guide assumes that you have setup a [Miden Node](https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-node) that can perform a basic local transaction and a basic understanding of the Miden rollup, as it deals with some of its main concepts, such as Notes, Accounts, and Transactions. A good place to learn about these concepts is the [Polygon Miden Documentation](https://0xpolygonmiden.github.io/miden-base/introduction.html).

Reviewer: small typo

```suggestion
- This guide assumes that you have set up a [Miden Node](https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-node) that can perform a basic local transaction and a basic understanding of the Miden rollup, as it deals with some of its main concepts, such as Notes, Accounts, and Transactions. A good place to learn about these concepts is the [Polygon Miden Documentation](https://0xpolygonmiden.github.io/miden-base/introduction.html).
```
